[info]
 BORDER ZONE: A GAME OF INTRIGUE
 by Marc Blank
 Copyright 1987 Infocom, Inc.
 Genre: espionage
 Difficulty: ^^^^&

[description]
 
 Where the Iron Curtain divides East and West, the frontier is a no man's
 land between freedom and captivity, a place where moments lost or
 precautions not taken exact a toll in men's lives. In Border Zone, you
 cross this barrier not once, but three times, as three different characters
 in a fast-paced story of international intrigue.
 
 The pulse-pounding tension of espionage is heightened by the addition of
 real time, which ticks on regardless of your actions. As you race against
 the clock to complete your missions, you'll find yourself caught up in a
 spine-tingling adventure that's far more suspenseful than any spy thriller
 you've ever read.
 
 The story begins on the train to Litzenburg, a peaceful country just
 outside the Iron Curtain. In the border town of Ostnitz, Constitution day
 festivities include a speech by the American ambassador. But plans are
 afoot to destabilize this key neutral territory by assassinating the
 diplomat. Speeding towards the border through the Eastern bloc country of
 Frobnia are an easy-going American businessman, an ambitious American spy
 and a ruthless KGB agent. All three are soon to become entangled in the
 assassination plot, their lives intertwining as each carries out his
 perilous assignment.
 
 You'll see the story from three viewpoints, as you step into the shoes of a
 different major character in each of the three chapters of Border Zone. Set
 in separate locations on or near the border, the chapters are complete
 stories in themselves, each with its own riveting conclusion.
 
 The on-line hints in Border Zone will help you out when you need it. But
 hints take you only so far. Even when you know exactly what to do, to do,
 discretion and timing are crucial as you outwit the KGB, evade a snarling
 pack of search dogs, make a desperate assault on the border, and count down
 the moments to the assassination.
 
 Border Zone was written by Marc Blank, a pioneer in interactive fiction and
 the author of such ground-breaking works as Zork and Deadline. In Border
 Zone, Marc takes the clever plotting and masterly prose of a top-notch
 thriller, brings it to life through interactive fiction, and intensifies
 the experience with the addition of real time.
 
 So steel your nerves, and don't blow your cover, friend. You've a long way
 to go before you come in from the cold.

[versions]
R9.871008.Z5=Release 9 / Serial number 871008

[options]
ARTWORK=1
CLUES=1
VERSIONS=0

[eof]
