[info]
 BUREAUCRACY: a paranoid fantasy
 by Michael Bywater, Douglas Adams, et. al.
 Copyright 1987 Infocom, Inc.
 Genre: comedy
 Difficulty: ^^^^&

[description]
 
 IMPORTANT! Our records show that you do not have a license to operate this
 software. Normally, you would be required to complete a License Application
 Form and mail it (with proof of purchase) to our Licensing Department, and
 then wait the customary four to six months for processing.
 
 Luckily, for your convenience, we have, at the last minute and at great
 expense, installed a remarkable new on-line electronic application form on
 this very disk, which will be processed by our modern 24-hour computer
 service moments after you fill it in.
 
 Bureaucracy! Everyone, at one time or another, feels bound up in an endless
 swathe of red tape. In Bureaucracy, best-selling humorist Douglas Adams
 draws on his own battles with beadledom to create a hilarious misadventure.
 You'll find yourself in the midst of a bureaucratic muddle so convoluted
 that you can't help but laugh.
 
 You've just landed a great new job and moved to a spiffy house in a nice
 little town. You're even being sent to Paris this very afternoon for a
 combination training seminar and vacation. What could possibly go wrong?
 The answer, of course, is everything. When the bank refuses to acknowledge
 your change-of-address form, you'll find yourself entangled in a series of
 bureaucratic mishaps that take you from the feeding trough of a greedy
 llama to the lofty branches of a tree deep in the Zalagasan jungle.
 
 The distinctive humor that made The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy a
 runaway success will keep you in stitches as you confront a series of
 bureaucratic puzzles and experience the thrill of outsmarting the powers
 that be.
 
 NOTE: this game is patched to remove the in-game copy protection. When you
 are asked five questions in the paranoid's house, you may give any answers.

[versions]
R116.DEPROT.Z4=Release 116 / Licence Number 870602
R86.DEPROT.Z4=Release 86 / Licence Number 870212

[options]

[eof]
