[info]
 HOLLYWOOD HIJINX: a zany treasure hunt
 by "Hollywood" Dave Anderson and Liz Cyr-Jones
 Copyright 1986 Infocom, Inc.
 Genre: adventure
 Difficulty: ^^^&&

[description]
 
 Vampire Penguins. A Corpse Line. Meltdown on Elm Street. Who could forget
 these classic Hollywood movies produced by your uncle, Buddy Burbank? But
 his greatest masterpiece has yet to be experienced... Hollywood Hijinx,
 starring you!
 
 Your Uncle Buddy and Aunt Hildegarde have passed away, but their memory
 lives on in their Malibu mansion, filled with a lifetime of Hollywood
 memorabilia. And you've inherited it all, with one stipulation - you can
 only claim your booty if you find the treasures hidden throughout the
 sprawling beachfront estate. If you can't find the treasures in one night,
 you lose the whole caboodle.
 
 It's just the sort of thing you'd expect from Aunt Hildegarde and Uncle
 Buddy. And their home is familiar territory: you spent your childhood
 summers there with your Cousin Herman. Although some say the house is
 haunted, you're not fooled. You know that Uncle Buddy, who wore a different
 polyester leisure suit each day of the week, was always rigging the place
 with goofy gags and booby traps.
 
 Inside the house, everything is just as glitzy and full of fun as you
 remember it to be. There's the luxurious private screening room, the gold-
 plated bathroom faucets in the shape of Oscars, and the wacky props from
 old Buddy Burbank movies.
 
 The Malibu estate seems like a funhouse at first. But the puzzles you must
 solve prove that Aunt Hildegarde and Uncle Buddy weren't just kidding
 around. Claiming the Burbank bundle turns out to be quite a challenge - and
 it's all in your honor.
 
 Hollywood Hijinx is as zany as its author, "Hollywood" Dave Anderson. It's
 cram-packed with puzzles that will test the wits and tickle the ribs of
 both first time and experienced players.

[versions]
R37.861215.Z3=Release 37 / Serial Number 861215
R235.861118.Z3=Release 235 / Serial Number 861118

[options]

[eof]
