[info]
 NORD AND BERT COULDN'T MAKE HEAD OR TAIL OF IT
 by Jeff O'Neill
 Copyright 1987 Infocom, Inc.
 Genre: comedy
 Difficulty: ^^^^^

[description]
 
 You are standing at the edge of a barren field. A steady wind, having
 secreted away the topsoil, is now drifting sandy dirt across the plain. A
 scant sign of life here is a freshly-burrowed molehill on the ground.
 
 > MAKE A MOUNTAIN OUT OF THE MOLEHILL
 
 There is a tremendous rumbling in the distance, getting louder and louder,
 until it is deafening. The dirt around the molehill crumbles away as
 mighty, jagged granite peaks emerge from deep underground.  The surrounding
 landscape transforms into a fertile valley before your very eyes.
 
 Infocom's first collection of short stories takes you to a place where
 nothing is quite as it seems. It's a place where you really can make a
 mountain out of a molehill, where "the fur is flying" is taken literally,
 and where a bow can be turned into a beau.
 
 Each of the eight stories in Nord and Bert Couldn't Make Head or Tail of It
 involves a different type of wordplay. You'll find yourself challenging
 your wits and your memory to come up with the cliches, spoonerisms, and
 other verbal trickeries needed to complete the puzzles. But don't view this
 as a hard row to hoe. Nord and Bert contains built-in hints, which you can
 call upon when the going gets rough.
 
 All eight stories take place in the mixed-up town of Punster. However, no
 two contain the same people, locations, or objects. Each is played
 independently of the others, although you'll use passwords obtained in
 seven of the stories to get into the eighth. As for mapping, it's out of
 the window. You simply type where you want to go.
 
 The tall tales in Nord and Bert are every bit as fun and clever as
 Infocom's other interactive fiction stories. They can each be completed in
 one sitting, making them a highly entertaining way to spend an evening,
 alone or with friends. Nord and Bert was authored by Jeff O'Neill, whose
 mind is constantly working on artful new turns of phrase.

[versions]
R19.870722.Z4=Release 19 / Serial number 870722

[options]
ARTWORK=1
CLUES=1
VERSIONS=0

[eof]
