[info]
 SHERLOCK: RIDDLE OF
  THE CROWN JEWELS
 
1988         Mystery
 
Difficulty:    ^^^&&

[description]
 
 MORIARTY HAS SET A DEADLY TRAP FOR SHERLOCK HOLMES. AND ONLY YOU CAN STOP
 HIM...
 
 Travel back in time to Victorian London, where the city is bustling with
 preparations for Her Majesty's Golden Jubilee. Crowds of sightseers and
 souvenir vendors fill the streets in eager anticipation of the Jubilee Week
 events. Newspapers detail the gala array of festivities. Sumptuous
 receptions for foreign dignitaries. Special services at Westminster Abbey.
 A Royal Procession through the streets of London. And the Queen reigning
 over all, resplendent in the Crown Jewels.
 
 At least, that's the official plan. Unbeknownst to the celebrants thronging
 the cit, a crisis has arisen: the Crown Jewels have been stolen from the
 Tower of London. If they're not recovered before the festivities begin, the
 theft will be exposed and the government will fall into international
 disgrace.
 
 Only 48 hours remain to solve the crime. With Scotland Yard failing to make
 headway, the Prime Minister calls on Sherlock Holmes, the famous consulting
 detective. But riddles left at the scene of the crime include a direct
 challenge to Holmes, who suspects a deadly trap. To throw the scoundrel off
 his guard, Holmes turns the investigation over to you, his trusted cohort,
 Dr. Watson.  With Holmes by your side, you use your wits, intuition, and a
 myriad of clues to solve the riddles and piece together the mystery. Your
 search for the jewels and the villain leads you all over London, from the
 most popular tourist attractions to the seediest back alleys. As Big Ben
 strikes each successive hour and dangerous complications impede your
 progress, you realize you're facing that most dastardly of foes, Holmes's
 archnemesis... the vile Professor Moriarty.
 
 Sherlock: The Riddle of the Crown Jewels is the first story in Inform's new
 Immortal Legends series, developed by Challenge, Inc. Using Infocom's
 sophisticated development tools, Challenge lends its own brand of puzzles
 and plotting to interactive fiction. In The Riddle of the Crown Jewels,
 author Bob Bates brings Holmes's London to life, filling it with familiar
 characters and locations. Onscreen hints provide clues when your magnifying
 glass falls short of the task.
 
 And now, come, Watson! The game is afoot...

[versions]
R26.880127.Z5=r26 / 880127
R21.871214.Z5=r21 / 871214

