[info]
 STATIONFALL
 by Steve Meretzky
 Copyright 1987 Infocom, Inc.
 Genre: science fiction
 Difficulty: ^^^^&

[description]
 
 What a trotting krip! Since your incredible heroics in Planetfall, where
 you risked life and limb to save the planet Resida, things have hardly
 changed at all. Sure, you were promoted to Lieutenant First Class, but this
 only meant that your dull life of cleaning grotch cages was replaced by an
 equally dull life of paperwork. Now you've got another assignment tailor-
 made for a grotchbrain: pilot a spacetruck to a nearby station to pick up a
 load of trivial forms. Trot and double trot!
 
 But all is not lost. By a happy twist of fate, your companion for the
 journey is your old pal Floyd! That's right, it's the same mischievous
 little robot, crayons and paddleball at the ready, who was your helpful
 buddy in Planetfall.
 
 Getting to the space station is easy. But once there, you find it strangely
 deserted. Even the seedy space village surrounding the station is missing
 its ragtag tenants. A spooky alien ship carrying only an empty pedestal
 rests in a docking bay. An ostrich and an Arcturian balloon creature are
 found, abandoned but in perfect health. The commander's log describes the
 mysterious breakdown of machiner, demonstrated by a roving hull-welder who
 seems bent on your destruction. And finally even Floyd begins acting
 oddly...
 
 Steve Meretzky, whose interactive fiction successes include The
 Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Leather Goddesses of Phobos, won a
 Best Computer Software Designer award for Planetfall. Infocom fans,
 consistently rating Planetfall among their favorite computer games, have
 been begging for a sequel. Even if you've never played Planetfall, you will
 enjoy Stationfall: the puzzles will challenge your intellect, the humor
 will keep you laughing, and Floyd will win your heart.
 
 NOTE: this game is patched to remove the in-game copy protection. Instead
 of entering the number corresponding to the current GST from form QX-17-T,
 just enter the current GST (displayed at the top of the screen).

[versions]
R107.DEPROT.Z3=Release 107 / Serial number 870430 (patched)

[options]
ARTWORK=1
CLUES=1
VERSIONS=0

[eof]
